There it was. The Dream Orb. Resting on a plain and undecorated wooden pedestal in the centre of the room. In Pine’s mind’s eye, he could almost see it back in the exhibit, standing on its gold and silver pedestal, commissioned by the finest artisans of Panda City. The Orb’s pedestal had been gilded with intricate designs and crafted with the utmost care, put on display to show the city its full, glorious pride. It was so unlike here, where the simple oak pedestal could have been carved by hand, worked on just enough to be functional. It said a lot about the two different places. Panda City thought of the Orb as its prized possession, a treasure to show off and prove their superiority with. While Raccoon village thought of it as a necessity, something that they needed to survive with and nothing more.

Pine slowly walked towards the Dream Orb. A hazy glow surrounded it, with wispy strands of pale blue and pink light drifting through the air, looking almost tangible. He had never looked at it closely before, but now that it was right in front of him, he was almost entranced. The surroundings around him seemed to melt away like in a dream as his fingers reached out to grab-

A cold hand clamped down on his wrist, pulling him back to reality. Pine spun around, and came face to face with Hazel. 

“You can’t.” Hazel pleaded. “Our village needs it. We’ll all perish without it. The children, the elderly, everyone.” His sad eyes bore into Pine’s soul, but he ignored it. 

Pine avoided Hazel’s gaze and shook off his hand. “I’m sorry, but I must retrieve it. And I’ll go through you if I must.”

Hazel looked down. “I see. But I cannot let you pass.” His gaze hardened. “For the sake of our village.”

Hazel grabbed the Orb. The orb started shining, lighting Hazel aglow with pale light. It became brighter and brighter until a sudden flash filled the room. Pine squeezed his eyes shut. When he opened them again, blinking the red out of his vision, the orb was gone. All that was left was Hazel, standing with his eyes closed.

“What have you done with it?” Pine shouted, taking out his shuriken and settling into a battle stance. 
